Rostova.tbl(): probably, make splitting variable independent; think how
to enhance Topm() with significance of correlations

Partkey(): interactive stepwise dichotomous key from morphological table
using rpart::rpart() or tree::tree() as helper

Test Biokey() more, fill gaps in conversion pairs, keep node labels
(descriptions, taxon names) everywhere, add object type checks,
modularize

Test experimental Misclass() code, especially with table()-specific
functions and NAs (but "ignore" seems to work)

Think how to use dichotomousKey::dk_classify() as prototype of the
function which reads Biokey() key ineractively

Think if it is possible to optimize BestOverlap() with
parallel::mclapply() or similar

Think how to optimize Gap.code(); possible alternative: rle() each
sequence, then extract pos/len of gaps and match (and check inclusions)
sequence gaps in the union of all gaps

Think how to standardize MrBayes() writing Nexus (now there are two ways,
"old ips" and "direct")

Idea: Booster() analogous to Tapkee(); modify BootA() to use it

Idea: first, create a flower formula representation, and make code to
find the shortest path between two formulas with elementary operations
(Antopolsky's ideas)

Idea: HHomonyms() to work with API or directly with hemihomonyms
database; maybe, it deserves the separate package

Idea: Coarse(phylo) on the base of ape::di2multi() which allows for given
number of hierarchies (maybe, by iteration), collapsing and keeping nodes
using e.g., bootstrap support

Idea: Normalize.ranks(classif) to (1) fit ranks into given list and (2)
propagate main (whole numbers) ranks (based on code from Biokey())

Idea: using Hcoords() and Tcoords(), it is in principle possible to plot
'hclust' object horizontally, without conversion into dendrogram, like
series of segments

Idea: extract 'clipper' and adjacent polygon functions from PBSmapping::
sources and make them work from within shipunov::; however, in that case
Windows distribution will become more complicated

Note: in bivariate plots, it is better to use xy.coords()

Note: while Fligner-Policello tests are numerous in R packages, pairwise
variant is seemingly absent so it is better to keep Rro.test() and
pairwise.Rro.test()

Note: there is a package MRH for Multi-Resolution Estimation of the
Hazard Rate, and MRH::MRH() so maybe it is worth to rename
shipunov::MRH() or somehow mention this
